[Applause]
there are people who think Julia Roberts
is hot her gigantic mouth it will devour
an elephant in one bite
thank you kima there would be seven and
good luck Don Cheadle seems like the
kind of guy who I wouldn't want to hang
around with under any circumstances ever
he's so whack Ashton Kutcher needs to
get hit by a bus
ASAP I hate Courtney Cox I hate her oh
if I said it once I've said it a hundred
times
Andy Garcia Mindy Kaling is not funny or
attractive she has an annoying voice and
just plainly sucks why does she have her
own show I feel like this is more than
140 characters David Blaine looks like
his voice is putting his face to sleep
John looks like Yolo
ethan hawke seems like a guy who wasn't
supposed to be a movie star
but he slipped through the cracks and
everyone was just like okay Matthew
McConaughey is a turd Terry Terry Oh
thoth June Squibb and one to eight three
falls off in public Kit Harington is a
pretty terrible Jon Snow in the show he
seems like a big with a stupid
look on his face hashtag bad casting
Emma Stone looks like she smells like
cat piss hey gary oldman sucks and he's
accents are annoying yep Sofia Vergara
sounds like she has a in her mouth I
hate hearing her talk what's wrong with
having it in my mouth
[Applause]
[Music]